Feature 1746 wavelet stat (#1851)
dtcenter/MET: met/docs/Users_Guide/wavelet-stat.rst

.. code-block:: none

  
  cat_thresh = [];
  cat_thresh = [>0.0, >=5.0, NA];

   
The **cat_thresh** option defines an array of thresholds for each field defined in the fcst and obs dictionaries. The number of forecast and observation categorical thresholds must match. If set to an empty list the thresholds will not be applied (no binary masking) and all the raw grid-point values will be used for downstream statistics.

> If the array of threhsolds is an empy list, the application will set the threshold to NA internally and skip applying the thresholds. If the threshold is set to NA explicitly in the list, the application will also set the threshold to NA internally and skip applying the thresholds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the array of thresholds is an empty list, the application will set the threshold to NA internally and skip applying the thresholds. If the threshold is set to NA explicitly in the list, the application will also set the threshold to NA internally and skip applying the thresholds.
```
